Loderunner Cycle 2 report and Cycle 3 plans:

Team #19         Members: Nithin Perumal, Timothy Smith, Karan Shishoo


CYCLE 2 REPORT:

Which user stories did your team successfully implement and test?
User presses the play game button on menu screen. Starts the game on level 1.
We also plan to finish creating the world, block and the hero object and implementing these into the world.



Which stories were in your plans, but did not get done?  Describe the state of each.

We managed to implement all the features that we wanted to implement in full.


What research experiments did your team do as you learn about technologies?
We researched to find out more about reading files line by line to design levels.  We also improved ourselves in
implementing interfaces and abstract classes to set up the game and the objects available in the game such as
different blocks and the hero.



Briefly describe the main contributions of each team member during Cycle 2.
Nithin -> Created the abstract block class and its sub classes to set up the objects of the world.  Also implemented
the buttons on the main menu. (Help, exit and most of new game)
Karan -> Implemented the file reader and improved on the Background Component and frame to read the level data from
the file and display the level on the screen with the help of the object classes created.
Tim -> Created the hero and added its properties and helped with setting the background colors up.

CYCLE 3 PLANS:


USER STORIES:

List the user stories that you plan to implement in Cycle 3:
Guards appear on the screen and move around.
User presses the left or right arrow keys. The hero begins to move to the left or right respectively.
Hero encounters a ladder. If user presses the up or down arrow keys at this time, the hero moves up or down the ladder.
Hero or guard encounters a rope. Keeps moving by hanging on the rope.
Hero encounters a rope while falling, he stops falling and hangs by the rope.
Hero finds gold. The gold disappears and the visible score increases. If the last gold an exit ladder is placed. 
Ladders and Falling should also be functional



RESEARCH:   
What information/techniques does your team need to research, and who is assigned to investigate what?
We will need to investigate how to move the characters around the screen smoothly and implementing guards with
random movement(for now).

Nithin -> Will look into making the guards and making them move around the map.
Tim -> Moving the hero and picking up gold.
Karan -> Will look into making hero and guards capable of moving along ropes and climbing up ladders






MISC:
Describe any other aspects of your plans for cycle 3.

We will attempt to implement a few more levels and we will also put the guards on random movement temporarily
for testing purposes.